Joinode - Code Editor

▫️Overview
Joinode is a project designed to people by giving a user friendly interface where user can Code on HTML, CSS, JavaScript and can see the output within the platform. User can save the code for future references and can also share the codes with their friends. 

▫️Features
Save Codes: User can save theirs codes that will be stored in the Database.
Share Codes: User can share theirs codes by coping in URL generated by clicking the share button.
Resizable: User can change the size of Code Editor according to their need.
User-Friendly Interface: Easy-to-use interface for a seamless user experience.

▫️File Structure

Final-Year-Project
│
├── PPT
│   └── Presentation on Joinode - Code Editor.pptx
│
├── Documents
│   ├── A Project Report on Joinode - Code Editor.pdf
│   └── A Project Report on Joinode - Code Editor.docx
│
├── Source Code
│   ├── Note.txt
│   ├── client
│   │   ├── src
│   │   │   ├── components
│   │   │   │   │   └── CodeEditor.tsx
│   │   │   │   │   ├── Header.tsx
│   │   │   │   │   ├── HelperHeader.tsx
│   │   │   │   │   └── RenderCode.tsx
│   │   │   │   │   └── theme-provider.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── lib
│   │   │   │   │   └── utils.ts
│   │   │   │   ├── pages
│   │   │   │   │   └── Compiler.tsx
│   │   │   │   │   └── Home.tsx
│   │   │   │   │   └── NotFound.tsx
│   │   │   │   ├── redux
│   │   │   │   │   └── compilerSlice.ts
│   │   │   │   │   └── store.ts
│   │   │   │   ├── utils
│   │   │   │   │   └── handleError.ts
│   │   │   ├── App.tsx
│   │   │   ├── main.tsx
│   ├── server
│   │   ├── src
│   │   │   ├── controllers
│   │   │   │   │   └── compilerController.ts
│   │   │   ├── lib
│   │   │   │   │   └── dbConnect.ts
│   │   │   ├── models
│   │   │   │   │   └── Code.ts
│   │   │   ├── routes
│   │   │   │   │   └── compilerRouter.ts
│   │   │   ├── index.ts
│   └── requirments.txt


▫️Setup Instructions

1. Create a React App
To create a React App named client in the same location as it is in the file structure:

Open a terminal (Command Prompt, PowerShell, or terminal application on your operating system).

Navigate to the Source Code/Joinode - Code Editor directory using the cd command. Replace path/to with the actual path to the Joinode - Code Editor folder on your computer.

cd path/to/Joinode - Code Editor/client

Create a React App named client using the following command:

npx create-react-app client


2. Run the Client(Frontend)

To start the client:

Navigate to the client folder:

cd client

Run the client using:

npm run dev


3. Install Required Libraries

To install all the libraries mentioned in the requirments.txt file:

Ensure you are still in the Source Code/Joinode - Code Editor directory and the virtual environment is activated.

Run the following command:

npm install requirments.txt

This command will install all the dependencies listed in the requirments.txt file.


4. Run the Server(Backend)

To start the server:

Navigate to the server folder:

cd server

Run the server using:

npm run dev


5. Access the Localhost Address

After successfully running the command, you will see output similar to the following in your terminal:

Starting development server at http://localhost:4000/

Open a web browser and go to the address http://localhost:4000/ to view the running MERN application.
